Update SDK core and minor updates (#221)
temporalio/sdk-python: README.md

### Workflow Replay

Given a workflow's history, it can be replayed locally to check for things like non-determinism errors. For example,
assuming `history_str` is populated with a JSON string history either exported from the web UI or from `tctl`, the
following function will replay it:

```python
from temporalio.client import WorkflowHistory
from temporalio.worker import Replayer

async def run_replayer(history_str: str):
  replayer = Replayer(workflows=[SayHello])
  await replayer.replay_workflow(WorkflowHistory.from_json(history_str))
```

This will throw an error if any non-determinism is detected.

Replaying from workflow history is a powerful concept that many use to test that workflow alterations won't cause

> non-determinisms with past-complete workflows. The following code will make sure that all workflow histories for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
non-determinism errors with past-complete workflows. The following code will make sure that all workflow histories for a
```
